README.md, before:

# Colour Palette Generator :artist:

![Colour Choice](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1600832331197-ad575931911b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1470&q=80)

This is a Project that will focus on my studies with HTML, CSS and JavaScript, It will generate as a colour picker to help with palettes on my future coding projects. :paintbrush:

I will be focusing on my HTML, CSS and JavaScript fundamentals

:rainbow: Automatically Generating multiple Colours :crayon:

This will be an interactive project which enables people to select a Colour they Prefer :art:

![Colour Palette](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1581079948988-537795b40f5f?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1366&q=80)

Hope You Enjoy

I want it to be easy to use and navigate with a click mechanism to choose a particular colour palette.

:placard: Tasks that need completing

- [x] Built HTML Page
- [ ] Built CSS Page
- [ ] Built JavaScript functionality
- [ ] All code will be displayed and placed on GitHub
- [ ] will be diployed on Git Pages
- [ ] Will include a functionality that allows the User to choose Several Colours that relate to shades
- [ ] smooth clickable option for User to change the colours

:purple_circle: Happy Coding

> ### Colour is a Power Which Directly influences the Soul -- Wassily kandinsky --

![Colour Combination](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1614194076674-0598e6dd5703?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1371&q=80)

Commit message:

screen page view, ticked features resolved
- taken a screen shot of what the colour palette looks like.
- check box ticks on tasks that have been completed.

README.md, after:

# Colour Palette Generator :artist:

![Colour Choice](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1600832331197-ad575931911b?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1470&q=80)

This is a Project that will focus on my studies with HTML, CSS and JavaScript, It will generate as a colour picker to help with palettes on my future coding projects. :paintbrush:

I will be focusing on my HTML, CSS and JavaScript fundamentals

:rainbow: Automatically Generating multiple Colours :crayon:

This will be an interactive project which enables people to select a Colour they Prefer :art:

![Colour Palette](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1581079948988-537795b40f5f?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1366&q=80)

Hope You Enjoy

I want it to be easy to use and navigate with a click mechanism to choose a particular colour palette.

:placard: Tasks that need completing

- [x] Built HTML Page
- [x] Built CSS Page
- [x] json file which contains hex code colours.
- [x] Built JavaScript functionality
- [x] contain fetch to attach my json file with promises and catch.
- [x] All code will be displayed and placed on GitHub
- [ ] will be diployed on Git Pages
- [ ] Will include a functionality that allows the User to choose Several Colours that relate to shades
- [ ] smooth clickable option for User to change the colours

## The current view from Live Server:

<img width="468" alt="screen-view-of-color-palette" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45575016/153260064-72c1bf4f-cf87-4d6a-a9c6-3afb180a355f.png">

:purple_circle: Happy Coding

> ### Colour is a Power Which Directly influences the Soul -- Wassily kandinsky --

![Colour Combination](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1614194076674-0598e6dd5703?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1371&q=80)
